guide/docs/setup/gradle.md, before:

The following code snippets can be used in your `build.gradle.kts` file.

## Gradle configuration

### Java version

Configuring the Java version is nothing specific to KSpigot, it should always be done. It is listed in this guide anyways, because a lot of beginners forget to do this - and then get confused about not being able to use inline functions.

```kotlin
// set the Java version you are using, Java 16 is the minimum required version for Minecraft

tasks.compileJava {
    options.release.set(16)
}

tasks.compileKotlin {
    kotlinOptions.jvmTarget = "16"
}
```

## Add the Spigot dependency

You have two options:

- **A** add just the Spigot API, if you wish to have a stable API which is built for users
- **B** use the regular Spigot dependency which contains the whole Minecraft server code (often called "nms" (net.minecraft.server)), as well as the underlying CraftBukkit code - this option gives you a lot more possibilities, but it can also be dangerous

### **A** Just the Spigot API

KSpigot is an extension for Spigot, you still need the regular Spigot dependency.

Add the Spigot Maven repository to your `repositories` scope:

```kotlin
repositories {
    maven("https://hub.spigotmc.org/nexus/content/repositories/snapshots")
}
```

Add the Spigot API dependency to your `dependencies` scope:

```kotlin
dependencies {
    compileOnly("org.spigotmc:spigot-api:1.17-R0.1-SNAPSHOT")
}
```

Replace the given version at the end of the dependency notation with the version you want to use. [See all versions](https://hub.spigotmc.org/nexus/content/repositories/snapshots/org/spigotmc/spigot-api/) in the Spigot Maven repository.

### **B** The regular Spigot dependency

Download the [BuildTools](https://hub.spigotmc.org/jenkins/job/BuildTools/) to a separate directory, navigate to this directory using your terminal and run `java -jar BuildTools.jar --rev MINECRAFT_VERSION` in order to generate the .jar file of the Spigot server. This file will be installed to your Maven Local repository automatically, so you can add it as dependency to your project. Additionally, you can copy it to anywhere else and use it to create a server. (More information can be found in the [Spigot Wiki](https://www.spigotmc.org/wiki/buildtools/))

Add your Maven Local repository to your `repositories` scope:

```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenLocal()
}
```

Add the regular Spigot dependency to your `dependencies` scope:

```kotlin
dependencies {
    compileOnly("org.spigotmc:spigot:1.17-R0.1-SNAPSHOT")
}
```

Make sure that the version number before `-R0.1-SNAPSHOT` matches the version you have just built using the BuildTools.

## Add KSpigot

### Add the dependency

Add the following repository to your `repositories` scope:

```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
```

Add the KSpigot dependency to your `dependencies` scope:

```kotlin
dependencies {
    implementation("net.axay:kspigot:VERSION")
}
```

Replace `VERSION` with the version you want to use. 

Latest version (without the `v`): <br>
![latest KSpigot GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/bluefireoly/KSpigot?label=latest%20version)

### Add KSpigot to your plugins libraries

Add KSpigot as a library to the libraries list on your `plugin.yml`. Make sure that you are always using the same string
you where using when defining the dependency in Gradle.

```yaml
libraries:
  - "net.axay:kspigot:VERSION"
```

## Build your final plugin

Run the Gradle task called `build`. Using IntelliJ IDEA, this can be done using the Gradle sidebar, where you can find the task under `Tasks > build > build`. Alternatively, you can also run `./gradlew build` in your terminal.

The final .jar file of your plugin will then be at the following location: `build/libs/yourplugin.jar`

Commit message:

Add an example for a build.gradle.kts file

guide/docs/setup/gradle.md, after:

The following code snippets can be used in your `build.gradle.kts` file.

An example of a final configuration file [is also available](gradle_example.md).

## Gradle configuration

### Java version

Configuring the Java version is nothing specific to KSpigot, it should always be done. It is listed in this guide anyways, because a lot of beginners forget to do this - and then get confused about not being able to use inline functions.

```kotlin
// set the Java version you are using, Java 16 is the minimum required version for Minecraft

tasks.compileJava {
    options.release.set(16)
}

tasks.compileKotlin {
    kotlinOptions.jvmTarget = "16"
}
```

## Add the Spigot dependency

You have two options:

- **A** add just the Spigot API, if you wish to have a stable API which is built for users
- **B** use the regular Spigot dependency which contains the whole Minecraft server code (often called "nms" (net.minecraft.server)), as well as the underlying CraftBukkit code - this option gives you a lot more possibilities, but it can also be dangerous

### **A** Just the Spigot API

KSpigot is an extension for Spigot, you still need the regular Spigot dependency.

Add the Spigot Maven repository to your `repositories` scope:

```kotlin
repositories {
    maven("https://hub.spigotmc.org/nexus/content/repositories/snapshots")
}
```

Add the Spigot API dependency to your `dependencies` scope:

```kotlin
dependencies {
    compileOnly("org.spigotmc:spigot-api:1.17-R0.1-SNAPSHOT")
}
```

Replace the given version at the end of the dependency notation with the version you want to use. [See all versions](https://hub.spigotmc.org/nexus/content/repositories/snapshots/org/spigotmc/spigot-api/) in the Spigot Maven repository.

### **B** The regular Spigot dependency

Download the [BuildTools](https://hub.spigotmc.org/jenkins/job/BuildTools/) to a separate directory, navigate to this directory using your terminal and run `java -jar BuildTools.jar --rev MINECRAFT_VERSION` in order to generate the .jar file of the Spigot server. This file will be installed to your Maven Local repository automatically, so you can add it as dependency to your project. Additionally, you can copy it to anywhere else and use it to create a server. (More information can be found in the [Spigot Wiki](https://www.spigotmc.org/wiki/buildtools/))

Add your Maven Local repository to your `repositories` scope:

```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenLocal()
}
```

Add the regular Spigot dependency to your `dependencies` scope:

```kotlin
dependencies {
    compileOnly("org.spigotmc:spigot:1.17-R0.1-SNAPSHOT")
}
```

Make sure that the version number before `-R0.1-SNAPSHOT` matches the version you have just built using the BuildTools.

## Add KSpigot

### Add the dependency

Add the following repository to your `repositories` scope:

```kotlin
repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}
```

Add the KSpigot dependency to your `dependencies` scope:

```kotlin
dependencies {
    implementation("net.axay:kspigot:VERSION")
}
```

Replace `VERSION` with the version you want to use. 

Latest version (without the `v`): <br>
![latest KSpigot GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/bluefireoly/KSpigot?label=latest%20version)

### Add KSpigot to your plugins libraries

Add KSpigot as a library to the libraries list on your `plugin.yml`. Make sure that you are always using the same string
you where using when defining the dependency in Gradle.

```yaml
libraries:
  - "net.axay:kspigot:VERSION"
```

## Build your final plugin

Run the Gradle task called `build`. Using IntelliJ IDEA, this can be done using the Gradle sidebar, where you can find the task under `Tasks > build > build`. Alternatively, you can also run `./gradlew build` in your terminal.

The final .jar file of your plugin will then be at the following location: `build/libs/yourplugin.jar`
